FEAT: Add CheckQC (#212)
nf-core/seqinspector: docs/output.md

[FastQC](http://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/) gives general quality metrics about your sequenced reads. It provides information about the quality score distribution across your reads, per base sequence content (%A/T/G/C), adapter contamination and overrepresented sequences. For further reading and documentation see the [FastQC help pages](http://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/Help/).

### CheckQC

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `checkqc/`

>   - `checkqc_report.json`: Reports sequencing metrics that is not fulfilled. Note that the CheckQC module in MultiQC currently does not support BCL Convert data, so if the report if based on data from that demultiplexer it will not be visualized in the MutliQC report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `checkqc_report.json`: Reports sequencing metrics that are not fulfilled. Note that the CheckQC module in MultiQC currently does not support BCL Convert data, so if the report if based on data from that demultiplexer it will not be visualized in the MutliQC report. Results can be found in the output directory.
```

Author: Thanks!
